Anyone who thinks that horror is a dark, scary face or doors that can be heard from the air, today your perspective is changing. A scary series has been released on OTT, which will make you really scared, about which you don't just look at your eyes, but keep thinking about it all your life. It Welcome to Derry, this show is based on the same famous It Movie series in which this scary Joker has made a lot of people sleep. But there, let's just show the face, this series will explain the story behind the Joker. Pennywise, Its name is Bana to Bana Khoom and how it was made? Why does it do this with people? This show was released in Hollywood but you can easily see it in India on a hot star in Hindi dubbing and the quality of dubbing is absolutely amazing. Don't worry. And yes, I can swear to be honest. This year's most shocking starting of any film or show is of the same series. Something that was not seen in India's theatre was played in a censor board in Sadma. The first scene is like this in which a mother is going to give birth to a child from her womb. The rest of the process can be shown on the live screen. You can feel a little bit of adult content. But as soon as the child comes out, as soon as he sees it, your mind goes crazy. And with the same disturbing scene, the name of the show is written on the screen for the first time. So this series is basically about the children, but the content of the children is not at all. There is a difference in both, sir. Don't confuse. I give a strict warning. If you are scared of Bollywood horror, then don't even think about watching this show. The story begins when a child is missing, whose news is circulating all over the city. People are scared and are looking for that child, but no one was found. The surprising thing is that even after a long time, she didn't see the child and neither did she get her body. There are two things that can happen. The worst part is that maybe the child is no longer in this world. Something killed her and her body was also lost. Or the second interesting answer is that the child has gone somewhere on his own and maybe he wants to see what the whole city will do for him now. At the same moment, this show becomes super natural with suspense thrillers. When this missing boy realizes that he is his friend for the first time. A ghost, a ghost, a ghost, a ghost, a ghost, a ghost, a ghost, a ghost, a ghost, a ghost, a ghost, a ghost, a ghost, a ghost, a ghost, a ghost, a ghost, a ghost, a ghost, a ghost, a ghost, a ghost, a ghost, a ghost, a ghost, a ghost, a ghost, a ghost, a ghost, a ghost, a ghost, a ghost, a ghost, a ghost, a ghost, a ghost, a ghost, a ghost, a ghost, a ghost, a ghost, a ghost, a ghost, a ghost, a ghost, a ghost, a ghost, a ghost, a ghost, a ghost, a ghost, a ghost, a ghost, a ghost, a ghost, a ghost, a ghost, a ghost, a ghost, a ghost, a ghost, a ghost, a ghost, a ghost, a ghost, a ghost, a ghost, a ghost, a ghost, a ghost, a ghost, a ghost, a ghost, a ghost, a ghost The more disturbing the beginning of this show is, the final destination feel of its ending is 100 times more intense than that of the beginning of this show. Again, the things that are not allowed to be shown in the theatre, the final last scene is so certain that this show is going to be famous all over the world. Look, this is the psychological horror in which we have put supernatural elements. We will try to scare you with this story, which will have a long effect. By the way, this show is going to be long because almost every Monday, the new episodes of every hour will be released by 6.30 in the morning and will be released by 2 months. But believe me, every episode itself is equally enjoyable compared to a different horror film. So many stories are shown in the first episode in which 10 movies will be made. And I don't understand one thing of the British. Where do they get such actors who don't look like actors? Just like a real person's story is going on. I will tell you the rest after watching the whole show. But after watching the first episode, I couldn't stop. I had to tell you quickly. You also had to be scared. Don't think about it from now on. The beginning and the ending will feel like a horror film. Watch it right now. Take care. Bye Bye.