7 years back in 2018, when I was thinking about the first video, why do people only review movies in English? At that time, I didn't even think that one day it will be like this when a YouTuber will make his own film. A new trailer has been released in the name of Ekaki and the special thing is that this film is being made by Ashish Chanchlani. He himself is a writer, director, actor and everything. In Bollywood, like the era of horror comedy, in the same race, Ashish Bhaiya jumped and laughed. People are confused. For the first time, making a film by yourself is the most difficult task in the world and it is not difficult for the film to be released on YouTube. And that's why the first scene of this trailer is not a Bollywood movie. It's a movie that comes for free. Visuals are great. Real locations are great. It doesn't look like a normal YouTube video. But till the end, when I saw the whole trailer, I just thought, how did such a big mistake happen? There's no need to tell. Horror category shows such a cinema in which people are always interested. That's why they expect extra. Don't scare anyone. and Hussana are probably the toughest challenges while making a film and both of them want to make a film together. It took years for the Mad Docs to make a connection with the public. Can only one person do everything by himself? Perhaps your answer is hidden in this question. A Kaki trailer was going in a comedy style and suddenly it has a horror entry when a ghost appears wearing white clothes. An old house, a deserted forest, a fun friend who wakes someone up in his own fun. who should not be in this world. Then the eyes are closed, the mind is open, someone enters the house and someone leaves the house. The concept is solid, but many times it seems like it has already made a lot of movies, some of which are already masterpieces in the list of all-time best films. But here I don't know why it seems like Ashish's character is not like what was shown in the trailer. Someone will come with a big twist whose hint is probably giving a poster. Suspense will be the X-Factor of this film, white clothes, ghost, soul, the devil will hide behind this face. Let's see the story next month when the film will be released on YouTube. Let's talk about what happened in the quality of the trailer. Many people will complain that they have made a visual stop-class but acting looks like the same old YouTube video. I also do 100% egg video on this topic and the reason behind it is that Ashish wants to show his audience the same which he sees his audience. This is the power of the film and it will also become weak. Because the first time Ekaaki will watch the trailer, maybe she won't be able to understand those jokes which Ashish is taking from old videos. Maybe she missed a great opportunity to target the new audience, who will watch the trailer like a new film and won't be a fan of Ashish. This trailer can be avoided by the neutral public. The comedy might not be as connected and the horror scenes will be very repetitive. While the hype of Ekaaki was so much that the promotion of the Bollywood film PR couldn't even make its 10% hype. But now everything is not over. When the film will come in November and something like this will be shown that no one is thinking about the trailer, then Aashish will get a Tali and maybe because of him, Bollywood will also be cursed and whatever the result is, but if a person wants, then what can't he do? This is the proof of his trailer, boss. Take care, bye bye.